quicktime media skin my name is Glen
Bullock I work in the course and product
marketing group and we're very very very
lucky to have the two presenters here
today very very very fortunate indeed so
many of you obviously know what
quicktime media skins are and we really
thought that this particular session we
could present to you probably some of
the largest media event out on the web
in quicktime wrapped in media skin and
the two people that we have to present
today drove the teams that delivered
that so what I'll do is I'll just give
what we're going to do about 30 minutes
for each of them and then we'll do some
Q&A and afterward it's really important
if we do if you do want to ask some
questions of these folks and some of the
other people in the audience who
supported them that you do walk up to
the mic because the questions will be
clearly translated and that way we can
have it as a record for everyone to use
on the DVD and on the VOD afterwards so
originally with fallon minneapolis mark
Sandow drove the team that delivered the
BMW films experience over the last
couple of years and we're really
thrilled to have him and Lauri Schwartz
with venture be partners has driven an
incredible amount of work with you know
notable companies like reebok from Los
Angeles and so we're going to have both
of them present in reverse order and
we'll start with Lori so thank you for
coming and I hope you enjoy
so we're going to talk about spins baby
soz entropy is an interactive agency
where part of McCann Erickson and I am
based in the Los Angeles office for
about a hundred people and my
responsibility at centra p is to look
into broadband wireless and emerging
technology solutions so i'll never
forget today that I first came upon
media skins it was a cold day and it was
raining and I came upon them a quick
time 5 release a couple years ago at
macworld and I was really excited about
them because zentra me represents
fortune 500 companies and I thought
these were a great opportunity to
showcase brand content so I brought back
what skins could do to the company and I
got everybody excited about them and we
built a couple of demos so what you see
up here and I'll show you one of them a
little later I took content from GM by
power Reebok and also at the time emap
which is hot rod and we built some demos
and we started to show these to our
clients as ways to show off their video
content and to get some marketing going
and really cool desktop applications now
because at the time some of you may have
experienced this in the past quicktime
used to be a little harder to sell just
because the distribution numbers weren't
out there now they really were out there
but they weren't necessarily out there
in a way that we could communicate it to
our clients so people were a little shy
about diving into media skins when I
brought them up at first so we talked
about them more or less as a marketing
experience because if you talk about
something as a marketing experience it
can be new cool and funky and it doesn't
intimidate everybody but how we're
looking at media skins now or more or
less as desktop applications as
destination applications and almost as
prototypes of what will be happening
eventually on interactive television as
branded channels where you can go and
interact with a brand so I'm going to go
over to case studies for Reebok and for
nautica the first case study Reebok is
what we called the Reebok experts
network basically reba came to us and
said look we have all these master
trainers their fitness
first and we'd like an opportunity to
show them off these are the people that
invented def Arriba we've got all this
cool video content we have interviews
with them we have images we have tax we
want to figure out a way to house all
this so let's build something in flash
because everybody was familiar with
flash they were also looking for
something that could compete with Nike
and some of their other competitors
because all they are other competitors
were doing really interactive flash
sites so because we had done these demos
with QuickTime skins are creative group
said well why not house all of these
really great assets in a media skin it's
a perfect place because quicktime is
after all a bucket of content to put all
this cool stuff so our solution was to
build a master trainer skin to have
eight eight pieces of trainer
information basically so the first thing
that we did was we built a pretty
intricate and detailed user experience
information architecture flow and this
was really important because there were
there are actually eight different skins
within this larger skin and there are
actually three pieces of video content
each with three bandwidth choices so it
was a lot of material to house inside of
one piece and could get very complicated
in it spilled so we built a user
experience chart here and you can just
see and I'm sorry the images aren't a
little bigger and the final final
execution is over here and you can see
there was a global naevus tablished so
everybody would have a place to go and a
real detailed spill down into how this
thing would work let me give you a
little demo of it okay obese or so and
some of you may have seen this this was
out about two years ago I think maybe a
year and a half ago how many haven't
many of you seen this before few of you
I know my live stage pro guys did
because this was actually built in live
stage Pro which I believe has a sale
going on right now at the show ladies
and gentle man i'm not a live stage
employee okay so can we go to the ibook
please
great okay so let me just show you how
that guy launched really simple so this
actually lived off of Reeboks website in
a special section of their reebok
university its branded to Reebok and we
have a little flash navigation here with
a trainers on here there's a link to go
back to this main page there's also a
link to go directly to a URL where you
could find a trainer in your area by
putting in your zip code so the idea
here is to create a really cool
marketing experience but also to create
something that does something so that
they wanted to drive people to their
trainer website okay so let's click on a
trainer here okay so Jin Miller was
famous for inventing step Reeboks so we
created a skin here that highlights step
Reebok and there's three questions that
she answered so user would click on one
of these questions and it would bring up
some video content and of course because
my favorite aspect of training now at my
age at 45 is to release stress clean
I've had a hard day or exited the
computer all day or we also had some
CAPTCHAs here which was also flash in
the things or answers to questions and
from here you could navigate out and go
to another trainer if you are interested
there's also BIOS here so that people
could find out more about the trainer
now interestingly enough there were a
couple of interesting things that came
out of building this thing and we can go
back to the PowerPoint
the client wanted a streaming experience
because two years ago streaming was like
who's dreaming we were actually pushing
for a progressive download experience
because we knew that progressive content
is better for like one minute to minute
pieces of video but they were you know
really we want streaming so we went
ahead and we built a streaming version
of the reebok skin but what happened
with the programming was that when the
video ended it needed to trigger a snap
back to the questions that you saw so
the streaming version actually had a
terrible user interface because you'd
have to wait a long time until that
buffer signal ended and it would snap
back to the questions so we ended up
going back and building another version
of it that was progressive and then
getting client to sign off on that so it
ended up being a lot more production
time and a lot of aggravation that
didn't need to happen if we could have
sold the client originally on the
progressive idea and what this really
did was it helped me to formulate some
best practices that we present to the
client upfront you know more officially
saying to them look we've looked at
streaming and progressive and how to
really build this experience in the best
light and for shorter pieces of content
for things like this it's better to go
with progressive for longer pieces of
content for things that you're concerned
about copyrighting for other longer
chapter eyes things it's better to go
with streaming so this really helped us
educate ourselves and in the future
educate our clients and that was a big
lesson that we learned here we also
learned that we had to have more QA in
the progress in the in the project
because we had milestones set throughout
but we didn't have enough milestones and
so sometimes our programmer would go off
and do some things then we take a look
at it and we'd see he'd gone too far
down the path and we'd have to go back a
few steps again so it was a really good
education for us to schedule in more
client reviews more QA and to really get
best practices out there let me go
forward from here also the other thing
that we kind of really figured out is
that when whenever we're dealing with
media skins and new technology we still
have to talk about the brand go over the
creative brief provide staff metric
for the client so just because we're
doing something kind of new and groovy
we still have to go back to all the
methods that we used for a traditional
web development and online marketing and
the more that we saturate this process
with our traditional practices the more
that this stuff becomes real to
everybody it becomes safer it's not
something scary to go out and build and
the client feels more secure so that was
another thing that we learned is that we
really have to sell this in the same way
that we sell in everything and not make
it so intimidating to a client these are
some of the questions that after this
process we came up with whenever we try
and sell something to clients what was
the original business concept that
launched the product or technology
concept what business value was it
designed to impart in this case it was a
marketing experience what is the return
on investment while we're trying to
drive we're trying to drive clicks to a
specific section on the website so
that's what that URL was what's the
return on investment has it proven
successful and when we looked at the
numbers and I think specifically when it
was listed on the QuickTime site we had
about a ten percent increase to the site
when this thing first launched and then
why are why not and always to do a post
partum on it to see you know how you
really did on this thing okay so let's
jump into the nautica case study nautica
specifically is a great example because
it shows how we serve how to turn and
how we're looking at media skins and
also how we're selling media skins to
our clients they came to us and they
asked us to design and build a website
that had the following objectives in
mind they wanted something to combine
all of their brands and they also had a
great deal of offline video footage
footage from events from you know models
and fashion shows and they also do a lot
of them co-branding things with sporting
events with failing and things like that
so they had all this video content that
was just sitting there and wasn't being
used and we're thinking will happen we
use this so once again we pitched the
idea of building a media skin that would
house all these assets and put this
media skin on the site and we would call
the nautica magazine and the ultimate
objective for them was to collect emails
because they wanted to develop a more
robust user database so we consolidated
all this content onto one section on a
website called the nautica magazine and
then we built what they were calling me
NS 83 TV which was a customized
quicktime media player which house all
the assets and we also included a
registration box on the home page and we
actually ended up collecting about eight
thousand emails two months after it
launched now the interesting thing about
this this skin that's different from the
reebok skin is the way we sold it in
this case we sold this as a desktop
application that could actually grow
that you could scale out as more content
became available that we could turn into
something that lives and breathes and
stayed on a on a desktop so that the
user could have this persistent nautica
experience and one of the ways that we
encourage you know the idea of this to
the client was to build a flash NAB and
so that as as more content became
available we could grow out this flash
NAB so let me um launch the skin for you
so everybody having a good time so far
good three o'clock I know it's a sugar
is dropping did everyone have some candy
to get there in June okay that's
important okay so that's just a
reference file that we use so this is
actually our nautica skin and it's not
the sexiest skin in the world I admit
but it's still on the nautica site right
now and i have the client calling me and
asking to put more content on it and i
just think that is a tremendous so
here's the flash nav up there and what
we do is as more fashion shows and
content becomes available we just expand
this global map so it's they don't have
to keep paying for a rebuild of
something cool and funky we have
something that can grow with the brand
and with the client let me show you some
content
everyone knows that New Yorkers love it
so that's some daisy fuentes so that
really makes a lot of people happy to
see Daisy not and we we did sell this as
something that also we could add a
chatting functionality to it we could
add email collection right inside of
this skin we talked about all the
powerful things that you can leverage
with QuickTime and with XML and the fact
that you could dig into a database now
we haven't gone there yet with this skin
but that was part of the sale and the
client really bought off on that we also
have the traditional small medium and
large bandwidth choices and obviously
all these buttons work now the other
interesting thing that happened and this
is another best practice lesson is that
the client discovered iMovie and decided
to start compressing their own video
which you know is all great for getting
Apple products out there but a terrible
thing when you receive a 56k file for
56k compression that's 320 x 240 so I
had to actually in a good way with the
account manager guide the clients for
the fact that we can't control you know
quality we can't give quality assurance
unless we're the ones controlling the
access so now the client sends us you
know betta or DV cam or whatever it is
that they're working with and they let
us handle all the compression and again
that's the best practice thing that's
really educating client on how this
process works and the best way to
deliver the best experience because they
don't want their video looking like crap
on their website and this thing can also
and I don't know how many of you
familiar with it but it's quick time so
it can be laid off to cd-rom it be
referenced file for this can be emailed
out so it's a very viral experience as
well and everybody likes to your viral
in this community not in regular life
but in the sort of like so can we go
back to the PowerPoint great thank you
so the other thing that I've been
finding in building these skins is to
really leverage press opportunities
because these haven't been done yet the
way they should be done I feel and so
when we launched one we get great
grassroots marketing and I turn to Apple
actually to help me do that and so every
time I launch an interesting media skin
I get help from them and they put it on
what's on if they think it's interesting
what's on in there What's On section and
also in their QuickTime newsletter and I
can't tell you how powerful that is for
my not exclaiming free press and getting
thousands and thousands of consumers out
there reading about their skin and then
getting driven to their website so it's
very powerful and and this some the fact
that it's so powerful actually got the
global manager the global head of
entropy to write a quote in a press
release and we found on a press release
about this nautica skin and this was
huge because this is a guy that two
years ago refused to have anything to do
a quick time and because one of the
things that we're doing as an
interactive advertising agency is
looking at ways to leverage client
assets and to really grow a brand in a
lot of different ways he was so excited
about this he now sees the potential of
it and he's talking about QuickTime all
the time so and I just remember the
first time he said we could do quick
time I dropped whatever I was holding
because it had been you know two-year
journey for me to get him to feel that
way so everybody now is really behind
the development of this stuff so where
we are right now as a company as an
interactive agency is looking into
solutions for our clients that really
highlight branding that that highlight
conversion and what I mean by conversion
is if you have a consumer who's never
heard of the brand or who's not you know
a fan of the brand experiences that
attract them that gets them hooked on
that gets them seduced and become
lifelong members of this brand and also
applications that collect data and
information and and it stay persistent
in a user's mind and perhaps on their
desktop so desktop applications and the
use of QuickTime media skins for me is
it's just an all-around great solution
for these ideas also everything that you
build
can be tracked so for a lot of our
clients they want to see numbers on how
these things are doing so you can
directly look on a daily basis see what
people are doing see where in the skin
they're interacting what content is
exciting them and really leverage all of
that information and the other thing
also to be aware of is right now what's
happening in the living room with cable
operators with video on demand and with
tivo tivo and other PVR solutions
there's pieces of video content is
really becoming a much stronger player
for advertisers what used to be video
that just you know stayed on the cutting
room floor is now becoming significant
content that people are showing and with
with living rooms becoming wireless and
the opportunity for a user to have a
dual screen experience where maybe
they're watching some kind of television
show or game show or something in the
living room and then they have video on
their lap or some sort of experience on
their lap on their on their mac or pc
that becomes very very powerful so
that's why this this the use of video
and media skins are so significant to me
and lastly I just wanted to mention and
this is revisiting this GM demo that we
did GM by power which is one of our
biggest clients is actually a website
that drives dealer leads basically a
user goes on there and has a choice of
all the different GM cars and they
actually get drilled down to a dealer so
if we could go over to the ibook again
so actually if any of you are in the
market for a car please go Jun black
power let me show you that so this is
something that we built two years ago
but it's come up again if something that
now the client wants to pay for and
that's because GM PI power is really
interested in tools that allow the user
to interact with different assets that
will help sell the car basically and get
them interested so this skin was built
as a place to look at and say hey I want
to look at all of GM's SUVs so here is a
basically a content well of all of the
content for GM branded
TV's so a user could basically you know
launch this either on a jam by power
site or the GM com site choose an SUV
that they're interested in and then we
have an application here that houses all
the assets so they can find out more
about that car so including commercial
tiger woods is a new exploit now so we
put all the tiger woods where should we
go so you think you know this is like a
million dollar commercial or you know
gazillion dollar commercial how much
these things cost and now we're
repurposing it and using it in this
world which is a great way to repurpose
assets also our friend VR so user can
really see that car and in the inside of
the car so if a major corporation like
GM is actually really starting to see
the importance of the sexiness of this
it's really exciting so look for
something like this to be out in the
next six months or so and maybe it'll be
something that will actually launch off
of GM calm which is actually a QuickTime
site and that's it my on I need to talk
to you about the higher my name is Mark
Sandow i am the interactive creative
director for an agency in minneapolis
called come like a lynch and these two
slides were in the example i was set so
i just filled in a little overview for
objectives of the project creating
interface a little bit about the
execution of some our ideas and some of
the success we found with this project
so i'm just going to lead you through
one case study
go to hear I I never know people know
about this or not but sometimes I feel
stupid asking the question of the times
I don't want to soon but have you ever
really seen the films is that something
you guys are constantly okay so real
briefly then this is a series of short
films that happened over two seasons the
first season was pretty successful so
they came back with three more and
they're all about this guy who is the
driver and what's kind of interesting to
note is there was a different director
for each film so there's kind of a
different take place on all these and
our job was to take whatever they do and
get it out to the world my part being
purely interactive stuff so here's a
quick trailer if you guys haven't
haven't seen us with one there is audio
on this after all the just imagine
it being the best audio you've ever
heard
[Music]
so that was our theater trailer here's a
list of some of the directors that we
worked with well this is the list of
directors who work with so you can get
an idea of some of the caliber of some
of these people that were working with
this is kind of important when I talk
about some of the other stuff we tried
to ask them what to do the distribution
of the films as I mentioned was on the
internet but we also had a broadcast it
was actually a television channel on
directv to get dedicated to BWW for a
while even as far as inflight movies and
just based media so it kept passed
around quite a bit the olden objectives
this was our I guess working brief as to
what we were going to try to do with
season 2 i'm going to talk specifically
about the second season of obviously a
number one is excellent quality
presentation of the film whatever we did
was just to present the film we could
not mess with that so we also needed to
create a really compelling and engaging
interface just to you know not to be
outdone by the film's we need to make
our peace just as engaging another side
piece was always increasing distribution
of them that talk a little bit about
that later and again one of the things I
was in the original brief even from
season one was unique delivery of a
unique piece of content i think in
season one meat we kind of did it but in
season two I think we did a much better
job and of course reliable and stable
technology one of the quotes then
sometimes they summarizes for you as you
get this brief it said must perform like
a BMW and I always thought that was
pretty interesting I don't know that
I'll gets played out but the interface
not only the content but the interface
is really a brand extension and if this
thing doesn't perform very well it
doesn't shine very a very good light on
BWW TV like controls and special
features also Manning here's two sides
about season one and things we had
changed season one we basically made a
VCR and we had all these different tapes
so you download the player and you plug
in these tank and we thought well that's
kind of a neat idea you can collect
these things and pretty familiar
interface and it looks a little bit like
this where we have these little these
little Chiclets would fill in with these
snapshots of the film if you had
downloaded that piece but we had but we
had to find out was that wasn't simple
enough it got confusing there was
multiple downloads so we took everything
from that previous statement about what
the film thing to do and then we took it
all it took all our line from season one
and they came up with this we really
needed to simplify the player we needed
to make this easy to use with no
instructions at all i think there's any
times we hear that it gets lost so often
it it's good to be read that over and
over again we need to reduce the
physical size one of the things that we
noticed as well as things get popular
people download them a lot and he ended
up paying a lot of server fees trying to
distribute this stuff last season was in
QuickTime 523 and we thought if we went
to or less per season with in quick time
for the season was in QuickTime five so
we did a little math we also tried to
reduce the screen dimensions of the
film's to bring them down from this
funny size of 800 x 3 40 I don't know if
you guys have ever tried to work in
anything bigger than like that magical
720 but it's not really worth it he
thought we could do it but no one
noticed when we went to 720 and then
viral distribution is kind of
interesting hear you say that so again
try to save a little money by letting
other people hoster Kenta so we came up
with this great idea that we thought the
film is the player so each player will
he its own so many film will be its own
player and people want to collect and
they could do that but it won't be this
VCR type of system so when we end up at
this basically what i'm trying to say as
we entered with a QuickTime solution the
first version was director and we had a
flash layer when barleys quicktime films
in but it just wasn't the system that we
needed this system ended up just being
so much less complicated develop and
this is kind of my little plug for for
quicktime and for Apple because it just
worked up then tactically well force we
had one environment set of two because
we had a binary file we had such less
technical support there was just
something that you could really
measurably pets in too much I can't
release but I wish I could give you
could just see it drop so much but
number of emails and and you know he was
from the client like how did this work
or what happened to this film or where
these films go after i download
this was such an easy simple solution
that you just had one file and you keep
track of that and then a less compressed
interface and I'll talk a little bit
about how we came to to the interface as
you'll see that another thing I don't
know if you guys have run into this but
we had a lot of trouble with people
trying to download these at work because
you know they have their broadband
connection at work and it's lunchtime
and but it would not make it through
these firewalls are a little director
solution here basing on quicktime it's
all part of the browser however the end
get the information it's not a fat her
fault anymore we don't have to handle
that ever again that was that was a lot
of time spent just on that a federal
distribution we made a real
contraceptive this time to make smaller
files because they're easier to send
again binary file so people don't have
to post it as a macro TC and then any
viral distribution is free distribution
in our mind so we really encouraged it
we nobody could quote up a branded site
that try to take take control the
content but certainly if it was pastor
on it was fine with us and then I'll
talk a little bit about how we tracked
our viral film days later so here's the
demo sinker the dental machine I will
play for you what our skin under the
light
[Music]
there's our peace with our music
right down here is where the slider will
develop these are our play controls and
then a little bit of navigation that's
about all we had everything will happen
in the same interface you're not really
moving to different pages or anything
like that we hope that the play button
was pretty obvious clicking on play
tasty right to the film
over here's our volume control we had
this neat little system that we just had
one fire but it had multiple functions
we change it to base and now I'm
controlling the Vegas she change of
treble in our changing the treble again
really trying to simplify this interface
over here you can see we had scanned
backwards and we had scanned for words
if I hit pause now the trend of step
again trying to really simplify this
interface and not have a lot of controls
we found this just to be much more used
for people who used in season one that
we had that he had to download the piece
here we're going straight to it we were
one click away from watching the summit
anytime little section about the
roadster and I'll show you some of the
cool stuff later and then the analyst
section in here for credits where you
could click on people's names so we had
accomplished everything that we had done
in season one but this was all done
through skins players back to the slides
for me please and those are still out to
download it being that we filmed
commoners all the films are out there
now for season one ends with season two
so here's a brief rundown what we had we
had a we had to do everything in that
that great cinema format 2351 we had a
full screen video option so clicking on
clicking on the full screen option the
corner would black out the entire screen
and play the video in the center which
was a great accomplishment thanks to a
few people looking very hard like first
bag geek we had directors commentary in
there we had biographies and filmography
we had our sound control we had a whole
gallery section we had closed captioning
in there which is a really amazing and
we had web links that all exist in that
little piece which I just think is a lot
of content for that executing the idea
here's here's a little process that that
we go through it sounded pretty similar
to what we had talked about we start
with the schematic if it's not
appropriate in this situation go to a
wireframe we do things that are called
mood boards and I'll show you what those
look like and of course we have to take
into consideration now that we have
those done what load our thoughts and
our colors and what our graphic
standards
and finally at that point we go to
creating a layout I think that's really
important that you do all these steps
before on before you start working into
the layout my first time user testing
will get to the final to you here's our
version of a wireframe this is something
we present to the client to give them
idea of what the content is on the page
and sometimes it presents this idea and
people have never ever seen before and
other people have like different names
for interviews but oh yeah do people
usually such as curious like you guys do
this is there a center once in a while
but I find it really helpful especially
some clients are just not able to absorb
those three different pieces of
information if you can just say okay
this is purely the buttons and the
switches and controls it'll be on your
hair patients all you have to worry
about don't think about fonts colors
content anything just just look at this
for me it's really helpful second step
is these mood boards that we call them
this is us collecting pieces of
information to give the client an idea
of what this thing is going to look like
I had a picture of the room and I should
have brought it that just has hundreds
of these things clip to the wall this is
just a few stuff these are kind of an
exempt III skins that we have found that
we liked but they might be just little
hints and pieces of things that you see
it could be clips from movies it could
be magazines book whatever you find a
newspaper and we just keep collecting
stuff you know you get it on a napkin
hey that was kind of cool the way that
thing move just keep collecting stuff
and in the end you kind of color down to
three different pieces and this is a
great way of quickly showing it's like
kind of some ideas of what this thing
might look like without you spending a
real lot of time and actually making
layout yet here's just a couple quotes
that I like it simplify simplify make
everything as simple as possible but not
simpler it's a quote that we use quite
often again that my credo and when
looking at work that's presented me by
my desires I think hierarchy of
information is pretty important I think
we did a really good job in the
situation that that we didn't have to
have our step forward and our scan but
invisible all the time we fought
complying the movie then you probably
don't wanna click pause and step forward
you probably want to scan and vice versa
and I think it's important a fundamental
of design is to only present the
information that's really important at
that moment that you know what to leave
out I don't know Steve Jobs actually
said that but first but I've heard his
mentioned in this time interview that he
had about OS 10 I oh I thought that was
a great way of putting it these
conventions found an interactive
language is on it's really helpful just
to you know make that play but in a
triangle even though even though other
people had tried a lot of different
things I think I've kind of like to
worry about and I think I might just go
with some of those so I could move on
and then we outside to make a template
that was appropriate for a film that I
thought that was kind of interesting
challenge that not only did we have this
piece for one film but we had to make it
work for eight different films being
different directors different types of
movies so we started with those two
things we had shown them a mood board we
had that sign up on some of these things
we knew some of our standards we kind of
knew what the posters look like so we
moved to the flame surface quicktime
skin which was based on the shapes of
the BMW z4 the car that was featured in
those three films we tended to call this
the movie theater that's part of the
reason when it goes black when you get
to the movie and you're actually
watching the film the kind of
interesting note there's all concept was
done in 3d but were never able to
achieve exactly what we wanted to do so
we ended up creating the whole thing in
Photoshop this photographer I'll have
these URLs that later if you want to
look for some of these guys they're just
amazing it created this whole thing with
photography here's what the sea floor
looks like notice the rondell the side
marker light with the BMW logo isn't and
how that's shaped and kind of notice the
tail lights the way they sculpt it
around on the tail lights so we had
taken some of those ideas along with
extra dark where the backlight is
cowling system where the gauges are and
here's our player you can kind of see
some of those same tones and ideas
making their way into our piece
music I think that's really important i
thought i'd just plays a little clip of
news that we had I think sometimes you
run into these scans of these other
pieces and they just have this little
for second loop you know they keep going
over again opening it up notice and this
is this is such a great little piece of
music that I think sometimes doesn't get
appreciated again based on this
[Music]
Oh
okay and yeah I just thought that was
kind of above above the standard and I
think sometimes those things don't show
to the surface but those attention to
details eventually when you get them all
right Lily makes for really nice piece
motion vr is this is this great idea we
came up with where we took a 50-second
movie clip of the Z far before and made
a basically a traditional BR but in this
case of equals in motion there were zero
two DRS created there was a front angle
during the daytime in a rear angle at
night and we were able to take this
content and talk about what Lori had
mentioned about because it was quick
time we were able to use this piece on
it and the DVD and we had a
self-contained QuickTime movie for this
minute was also embedded in the de Fe
and i'm going to go to the demo right
now and show you what that looks like so
switch me over to the demo machine
please here is the standalone version
turn that down so here we are moving to
Las Vegas at about four o'clock in the
morning and it's still about 108 degrees
and we're so we're shooting this and the
user can watch this v foremost we just
thought there's something really
beautiful about watching this car move
and watching the lights dance across the
hood so you can move through this all
these different angles on demand and
even out of sequence just like a VR but
in this case it's an ocean
exactly yep
yeah yeah yeah it's very much a work on
in the background but very much the live
stage and a lot of work again from D and
those guys helping us find a system that
we can stream all these run all these
things at the same time be able to
switch in between back to the slide show
please that's also on the DVD you can
get a DVD of all these films and that
pieces on there and it's perfect full
screen and it's big and beautiful and
use your angle button which you know you
never get to use on your DVD I I love
that piece so r z for motion vr was 82
still cameras and those are all still
cameras that we shot we we didn't drive
very fast and we reread love the kind of
steel frame they were mounted to this
customer a gonna have a picture that I
sure looks like we had a chase car
falling behind in the end we shot the
64,000 frames of the stuff ended up for
just these two fifty second clips each
pitched we call it stitched into these
QuickTime movies and we example Chris
NVR studio which i believe is still in
nine I don't know if there's any chance
so you're moving at 210 that would be
nice and they were retouched with
Photoshop to try to take the bottom of
the rig out and we use live stage and
cue script to control the layer
switching and here's what that rig
looked like that as long as the car kind
of a close-up
big huge CF cards and those camera so we
could try to snap as many friends as
possible before with the switch amount
we had rented every d1 camera they had
in Los Angeles for this
that's a great question we shot we shot
the test and video and it ended up
looking a lot like video and I don't
know exactly how but the still just
looks so much more beautiful we know we
could use the still friends there we
also found out that hanging as many
cameras as we wanted to need off the
back of that rig was really a pain with
their batteries and everything that the
still cameras were so much more lighter
and flexible that man is going that
Shelly ward is the name of coming that's
built that rig if ever you need a
research center stuff again I think
that's at the end my presentation those
guys are amazing obj will do anything
you want
I think so but I think it'd have been a
lot of work okay I'm getting pretty
close now into VR I don't know how many
people just work with interior I'm sure
you're all familiar with it but I said I
just show this real quick the
photography was done on a soundstage and
the lighting is fixed as the car rotates
or as the camera rotates which is kind
of interesting here we are shooting at
Nash soundstage I think that's kind of a
fun photo people probably don't realize
how much lighting is done on these cars
you think you have just one light but
that wasn't even a complete set up going
to show that real quick just because I
think it they can be this one I want
switched over
mark with favor photography shot this
and I just think it's some of the nice
to see our workers paying and then he
had went out and shot this bridge is in
one of the films that we shot at and so
we did a lot of work to try to marry up
the film with this environment again
like that Las Vegas shot was I don't
think I mentioned this was used in in
one of the films too so we tried to do
as many things because this whole thing
felt like a unified piece and back to
the slide so I just goes without saying
but so much of the stuff was done in
live stage but just to reiterate it was
we used a flash layer really for all our
graphics and animation we used it to
control the user interaction we used it
to pass the the user request queue
script and we really use Q scrip really
to control everything that was that was
quick time level and I think that worked
out really good making that decision
which we didn't quite make right away
but when we did I think it really worked
out well that we said hey everything
graphics everything that's these
interaction will handle a flash
everything that goes to the workings of
this whole thing we end up we need to do
in cusco and just by notes it's all new
technology requires a lot of
experimentation i think a couple times
we had given up on that motion we are
thinking we just we can't get this thing
to work and we had tried turning off
layers or enabling layers or bring them
to the front and it was 20 different
ways to skin that and we finally end up
with something network so i guess my
advice he was you know trying a few
different things because sometimes these
combinations of the newer technology
don't always work out and compression i
think you'll know this too is that the
compression Julia craft and good results
come from a lot of experiment and
experimentation and and also the
original source material really helps if
you can have them try to shoot something
that that's able to compress and that's
why kind of show that directory lists
before because we had have a few
conversations with some of these
directors trying to tell them like you
know you need to shoot this way so it's
compressed as well as kind of
interesting conversation to have and you
have you know people like Angley on the
end of the phone
he won an Academy Award I'm like wow you
got it just a little less of it would be
helpful that whip pan was really bad and
then we're just going from 3 mp3 audio
in here six this is well back here's our
success I think this is kind of our
great little tail tail we had 40 million
views is the official number so far and
you know the media that we had here's is
my favorite slide there's season one our
director test and I love director I grew
up on Directorate that's that's all I
did it was a video works or whatever on
a fresh peanut and that was that was my
idea but we had twenty nine percent of
the people actually downloading the
piece and seventy one percent streaming
season two we went to the QuickTime
solution and now we had 75 percent
people downloading these pieces and
twenty-five percent streaming and I
think that's amazing testament to some
pretty unique technology that's very
stable and make sure it works looked
very good then my last film notes about
the dynamic player we didn't get a
chance to get into this at this piece
but I wish we would have we did a little
metrics collection so if these things
even got passed around it would call
home just to let them know that the film
had been dude and that's how we got an
idea of how many films reviewed we
didn't do any serial data collection so
we don't really know who anybody was
just kept track of the film bees and how
long they had the player on which is
some really interesting information for
you and your client but you could have
got a lot farther that we could have got
an idea of who's watching at what time
of day and what type of cpu they have
and there's a lot of information you can
gather and I think it doesn't have to be
malicious it just helps you build a
better piece next time knowing you know
what these people are using to view your
stuff the one keeps that we did do is we
did did the help online which is kind of
nice that we didn't have to worry about
updating our player how low we could
have but there was just a help page on a
website that we could update immediately
and we never got to streaming trailers
but that have been another parade use of
this is to have the trailer stream in
each time a new trailer would come
online you could still have season one
or season two skins and the co trailer
coming up for season 3 i'm sure i've
gotten that far and then system URLs
ec mediator and talk to g just
tremendously helpful the favor
photography we had used to shoot all
that photography element music and the
Christian is the he's not really this is
a photographer but he was the piece he
was a guy who helped build their skin
you